push tutorial lamp centos 7 (#59)
hetzneronline/community-content: tutorials/install-lamp-server-on-centos-7/01.en.md

echo "<?php echo 'This is holu.example.com'; ?>" > /var/www/html/holu.example.com/public_html/index.php 
```
#### Httpd Conf

We need to create new config files. 

* For example.com
```
nano /etc/httpd/conf.d/example.conf
```

then, paste this config :

```
<VirtualHost *:80>
    ServerName www.example.com
    ServerAlias example.com
    DocumentRoot /var/www/html/example.com/public_html
    ErrorLog /var/www/html/example.com/error.log
</VirtualHost>
```

* For holu.example.com
```
nano /etc/httpd/conf.d/holu.example.conf
```

then, paste this config :

```
<VirtualHost *:80>
    ServerName www.holu.example.com
    ServerAlias holu.example.com
    DocumentRoot /var/www/html/holu.example.com/public_html
    ErrorLog /var/www/html/holu.example.com/error.log
</VirtualHost>
```

#### Restart Services HTTPD

```
systemctl restart httpd
```

Now you can access both of domain example.com or holu.example.com with single server.

* if you want save all php files, html, css, or js, make sure you save in public_html.
* if you need add more site, just repeat step 3 with another name conf and folder.

## Conclusion

> You're server now ready to start build a multiple-site static or dynamic from single server by using Apache, MySQL, and PHP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your server is now ready to start to build a multiple-site with static or dynamic content. This all is possible with a single server by using Apache, MySQL, and PHP.
```
